README.md, before:

# Haskell SDK for Datastar

After familiarizing yourself with the functionality of Datastar, this
haskell interface basically comes down to a few main functions
specified in the Datastar sdK

    mergeFragments  :: [Text] -> Selector -> MergeMode -> FragmentOptions -> Options -> Text
    removeFragments :: Selector  -> FragmentOptions -> Options -> Text
    mergeSignals    :: Text -> Bool -> Options -> Text
    removeSignals   :: [Text] -> Options -> Text
    executeScript   ::  [Text] -> [Text] -> Bool -> Options -> Text
    send :: Text -> SSEstream -> IO () -- !!Only for Snap web server!!

Additionally you, dear user, will need to implement a web server
dependent function named **send** that sends the text you created to
the client. I have included a sample implementation for the Snap
server, in the ServerSentEventGenerator.Server.Snap module, please
have a look at it.  If you implement a similar module for you server
of choice, please create a pull request so I can include it.

You will notice a Bool named debug, which is currently set to False.
Setting it to True will enable debug messages printed to stdout so
you can see what is being sent to the client (web browser)

Finally, the executable, which you can try out by typing "cabal run"
and pointing your browser at:
  http://localhost:8000/
will give you a simple demo of some Datastar features and show that
streaming SSE events to the browser work. 

The code itself is extensively documented, with many doctest examples
that show up in the Haddock files.

Best wishes,  
Henry Laxen  
nadine.and.henry@pobox.com  
http://nadineloveshenry.com/

Commit message:

Everything works again.  I wasn't sending two line feeds after the headers

README.md, after:

# Haskell SDK for Datastar

After familiarizing yourself with the functionality of Datastar, this
haskell interface basically comes down to a few main functions
specified in the Datastar sdK

    mergeFragments  :: Text -> Selector -> MergeMode -> FragmentOptions -> Options -> Text
    removeFragments :: Selector  -> FragmentOptions -> Options -> Text
    mergeSignals    ::  Text -> Bool -> Options -> Text
    removeSignals   :: Text -> Options -> Text
    executeScript   :: Text -> Text -> Bool -> Options -> Text
    send :: Text -> SSEstream -> IO ()   -- !!Only for Snap web server!!
    readSignals :: Snap (Request, Value) -- !!Only for Snap web server!!

Additionally you, dear user, will need to implement a web server
dependent function named **send** that sends the text you created to
the client. I have included a sample implementation for the Snap
server, in the ServerSentEventGenerator.Server.Snap module, please
have a look at it.  If you implement a similar module for you server
of choice, please create a pull request so I can include it.

You will also need a small function called isHttpVersion1_1 which
returns True if you server speaks Http Version 1.1, and False
otherwise.  This is needed to produce the correct headers for sse
events.

You will notice a Bool named debug, in the
ServerSentEventGenerator.Server.Snap module which is currently set to
False.  Setting it to True will enable debug messages printed to
stdout so you can see what is being sent to the client (web browser)

Finally, the demo, which you can try out by typing "./demo" in the 
top level directory and pointing your browser to:
  http://localhost:8000/
will give you a simple demo of some Datastar features and show that
streaming SSE events to the browser work. 

The code itself is extensively documented, with many doctest examples
that show up in the Haddock files.

Best wishes,  
Henry Laxen  
nadine.and.henry@pobox.com  
http://nadineloveshenry.com/
